Bullet/Spakline: update size and render (#4901)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/BaseSparkline/1 Configuration/size/size.md

    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Assign values to the <b>size</b> object's <b>height</b> and <b>width</b> properties or specify a container for the component.</td>

>         <td>Specify a container for the component. The component occupies the container area on initialization. If a container's size changes, the component size do not change. If you want to update the size, call the <a href="https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSparkline/Methods/#render">render</a> method.</td>

Author: ```suggestion
        <td>Specify a container for the component. The component occupies the container area on initialization. If a container's size changes, the component's size does not change. If you want to update the size, call the <a href="https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSparkline/Methods/#render">render</a> method.</td>
```
